this is what happens when people stand
up for themselves against fascists this
is what happens when people say that
they have the right to choose their own
government and live the way they want to
live there is Communists here I'm a
communist communism means sharing means
looking out for each other it means that
nobody can be too poor because nobody
can be too rich that's what it means and
that's why we're fighting for here a
better more just more equitable world
where there's nobody starving to death
and there's no billionaires nobody can
earn a billion dollars every billionaire
on this planet is a thief and the money
they steal goes is food taken out of the
mouths of hungry babies it's it's money
that could go to making the world a
better place for all of this those
fascists they will they will kill
everybody that they can that stands
against them but we can defeat them and
we're going to but we need your help
this was a nice neighborhood nice people
lived here they want to come back and
rebuild and they're going to and we're
gonna help them but it's gonna take a
lot of time and money and work so do
your part pitch in you don't have to
join the army you don't have to get shot
at but you can send some money you can
write a letter you can write an article
you can make a video you can tell the
truth to your friends and family if they
don't want to hear it just talk louder
the truth is a powerful weapon because
we are the good guys here the lies they
tell against this we defeat those lies
and we take away their power so that's
what information warfare is about and
you can do that from your computer you
can do it from the comfort and safety of
your own home but you got to do
something you got to do more than just
hit like on a Facebook page or make a
comment you got to be serious people are
dying here every day people are being
murdered here this is a battle for the
future of humanity if we lose in don
bass what they do in donbass they will
do in the united states they will do in
europe
so let's defeat the fascists and make
the world a better place that's what I'm
gonna do
how about you